hello my name is alla
today I will tell you about the vegetable cutter
Bernard commoners are also called
grater
Bernard food processor seemingly
pushed the button everything is ready and ready what
will be turning into a monotonous burst
a lot like for example you wanted potatoes
roast to roast in long slices
but the combine does not make you want
korean carrot but carrot to
it was not cooked in the Koreans
and by your own combine assistant in and who
Well, only a vegetable cutter will help you.
Bernard factory Bernard produces
vegetable cutters
Bernard in Germany for over 55 years
all plastic shock and food
unique slicer in
patented blades exactly these blades
can cut us more than 3 tons of cabbage
today we look at the classic
model vegetable cutter and so in the kit
classic includes the main knife or
frame with blades and inserted here 3
nozzles 1 nozzle without knife with
various divisions
for fine and fine shredding or
the other side can be shredded
bigger
further nozzle with knives
three and a half millimeters and a third
nozzle with knives 7 millimeters in order
so as not to be pruned there are fruits
holder without it is not recommended
work on this vegetable cutter
it sounds beautiful in words but let's
try in action
of our vegetable cutter firm today we
prepare a fresh summer salad
cabbage cucumber and tomato we
took a piece of cabbage planted it on
fruit holder and now try as
does our vegetable cutter shred
soap
institute
and here is our absolutely wonderful
cabbage tender thin and crunchy already
sudo therefore if we can enough
Now
start and go to the cucumber
cucumbers flick of the wrist to sit down
cucumber on the floor holder and start
rub here is very easy to look
very simple and very fast here as
I think it's generally 2 seconds to what
We stayed on the street is absolutely nothing as
what we got here look
such thin stripes
which of course ordinary knife and combine
never cut you now for
Tomato today we can not add up
no or a task for the vegetable cutter tournament and
taken unsteadily tomato
and very very mature so try that
get us but pay attention
literally seconds grater turf he
copes with this task nora
that's what we have left of ours
Tomatoes this one skin look and in
salads we get fine
chopped tomatoes and nothing of them
there are literally such slices
in two minutes we cooked with you
wonderful summer salad on vegetable cutters
bernard classic kit by the way given
vegetable cutter can be completely calm
dishwasher cucumbers
Tomatoes cabbage of course this is probably
easy to cut and let's try
cut an orange so try that we
out of it
yes here are such wonderful thin
slices we have literally turned out
few seconds
vegetable cutter Bernard is reliability
environmental friendliness and your longevity
create your culinary masterpieces
together with a vegetable cutter and burl and do
our purchases in our own
customer-oriented store
they say strip are waiting for you and always glad to see you
see